Cdro 562 - Improved the UI for *Trigger Release* as like as *Run Pipeline* post build action. (#361)
jenkinsci/electricflow-plugin: README.md

# Release Notes

## Version 1.1.36 (June 12, 2024)

- Improved the UI for *Trigger Release* as like as *Run Pipeline* post build action.

> - Fixed an issue that *Trigger Release* post build action fails if Stage to start not specified.

Reviewer: Please contact me so we can refine these.

> - Improved the UI for *Trigger Release* as like as *Run Pipeline* post build action.
> - Fixed an issue that *Trigger Release* post build action fails if Stage to start not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the *Starting Stage* options for the *Trigger Release* post-build action. 
- Fixed issue that caused the *Trigger Release* post-build action to fail if *Starting Stage* was not defined. Now, if a value is not provided, the action defaults to *Run All Stages*. 
```
